feat(cognito): user pool - account recovery (#8531)
aws/aws-cdk: packages/@aws-cdk/aws-cognito/README.md

Note that, `tempPasswordValidity` can be specified only in whole days. Specifying fractional days would throw an error.

> ### Account Recovery Settings

Reviewer: Let's make this a sub-section of security.

```suggestion
#### Account Recovery Settings
```

Reviewer: Add an equivalent entry to the TOC at the top of this file.

> See [Recovering User Accounts](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cognito/latest/developerguide/how-to-recover-a-user-account.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
User pools can be configured on which method a user should use when recovering the password for their account. This
can either be email and/or SMS. Read more at [Recovering User
Accounts](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cognito/latest/developerguide/how-to-recover-a-user-account.html)
```
